my name is Lee and I'm a broadcast
journalist and one of the reasons that I
enjoy living in London so much is
because of the transport network the
freedom that being able to travel
independently for my job is something
that I really value this is Josh my
lovely guide dog he helps me get around
wherever I travel we've just arrived
here at some Pancras International and
we're heading to the Excel Centre in
East London to do a very special piece
of reporting we'll be going by bus
London Overground train and on the DLR
for more information on using the bus
watch our accessible bus film next I
need to get the London Overground train
from Caledonian Road and Barnes berry to
Stratford whenever you can or
consistence before you travel at London
Overground stations 24 hours in advance
is best the number to call is zero eight
four five six zero one four eight six
seven from buying a ticket to helping
you to the lifts and onto the trains you
will always find the staff are helpful
to you
for the London 2012 games lifts like
these have been installed at Camden Road
Gospel Oak Hackney Central and Wembley
central so all of them have step free
access in time for the games there will
be many people traveling during the
games so you may find at times you need
to queue to use these lifts so allow
plenty of time for your journey newly
built London Overground stations such as
Hoxton and Shoreditch High Street are
completely step free from Street to
train once on the platform there are
help points if you need any assistance
there are also manual boarding ramps
which staff used to help wheelchair
users board when the platform doesn't
have level access
once on for the train we can make use of
the designated space for passengers with
disabilities again also useful for
wheelchair users too
all London Overground trains are new and
fully accessible you can walk all the
way from one end to the other all of the
DLR stations and trains are fully
accessible for wheelchair users and
those with limited mobility if you use
the stairs to make them as safe as
possible there is a high grip surface on
the steps as well as tactile surfaces at
the top and bottom of the stairs once
you're on the platform there are easy to
read passenger information displays and
there is tactile paving at the edge of
the platform
there is level access from the street
right onto the train
and the level boarding makes it easier
to board the train for everyone as well
as alight
the DLR is extremely accessible there
are lists everywhere so people who need
to use live scan can have really access
to them and one thing I really like
about it is that there's no gap between
the train and the platform and also as
you're approaching your stations it'll
tell you that it's about to come up so
the DLR is extremely accessible and the
nice and loop and lots of space and very
clean fun well during the games staff
will be on hand at 26 of the 45 stations
on the DLR network as opposed to the
usual four stations there for extra
assistance will be available if
necessary if you're flying into London
for the London 2012 games the DLR is
also a great way to get there from
London City Airport and remember that
special report I was going to make well
you've just watched it come on Josh